OK.
So let's wrap this up.
Go into the app that component parties and modified iPads in accordance.
So the very first modification that I made here actually made for testing it it's looks like this.
But now we need to basically just type in a slash account so our folder count slash and then account
Armato press control as the safe.
OK.
So that part is done.
The next thing that we need to do is go down below and type in import
count list from and we're going to need like Dot
accounts
with DOT COM component.
OK.
So there we go.
And so Michael at the end.
And I misspelled Is
this right.
Right right right right.
Right.
It's more than one.
So it's like a house list.
Anyway that's what you need to do there.
I'll explain that in a bit.
Actually let's go let's go right now.
So a counselor you will find it appear we go export and its class accounts.
So we are importing it and we are also stating where a component actually lies in which folder and we
are importing that class.
Now we will need one more thing here before we can actually go to our site and have it displayed.
It's a directive so directives semi colon
accounts list and control us.
OK.
So why do we need this line.
Well it's basically a list of directives that we are going to be utilizing So in order for Engler we
do know within its own template to look for other components like our account list that you saw a moment
ago and we just show it to you.
Here we go.
So this is this is basically what we have.
So it's a Caldas list.
We have to list the directives here.
So they have to be listed here in order to prevent collisions with other components directives that
we might have so you could have tags of the same name etc. So we want to list the directives here in
order to prevent any sort of collision but you don't need to know a lot about that.
Now you will see as the project gets more and more complex How does this come to be useful because doesn't
really seem that useful now anyway.
So we are effectively telling the angular to look within its own template for other components with
this like.
So directives accounts list that's what we are instructing Engler to do now and you need to go into
each one of these folders and just press controls save to make sure that they are all saved and that
the changes have actually taken place every day that something is going to go through it.
Now and just wait for the site to load waiting.
Yes.
Excellent.
So you see it looks exactly the same.
There are no differences here whatsoever.
We've simply moved our our account list into a separate folder and it has a separate set of files and
it has a separate component which we can recycle later on without any issues of whatsoever.
Now let me just go ahead and explain another thing here which I really want to.
So you have a counseling stack and we have created this tag in order to be able to insert the code from
the accounts list component that HDMI so that we are able to insert this entire HD M-L code there.
In order for us to achieve that we needed to go to the we need to go to the app component RTX and enable
accounts directives accounts lists so we do that in order for us to be able to achieve that and we need
to set.
We needed to set a selector here which is accounts list.
Once those two jobs have been done and complete we can successfully use the tags within the DML form
in order to plug in the entirety of our original code.
And it's much better this way because you have these tags and this entire code can be placed in the
center.
If you have a huge HDMI file like we're going to have it's going to be rather big.
You don't want it.
You don't want your entire HD Malco to be in a single file.
It's very bad.
You're not going to be able to go through that fast that it's going to be very difficult for you to
troubleshoot or debug anything.
So have these things have these tags.
I've shown you how to create them how to plug them in and what it is that you need to do in order to
make them functional.
So place them here and set separate the HD Malko to see I have one HDMI file here which contains some
of the HDMI code that is in direct relation to the accounts list.
So that is going to be in the computer in the consulate component but down below I have my main main
H.A. file where I'm just plugging in things that I have previously separated making the making my code
a lot more readable and more convenient to go over anyway.
That would be basically it.
We don't have a lot else to do here.
We have managed to conduct a successful separation.
So in the fall of the two aerials we're going to be dealing with some input output and we will see we
will build on.
We will build on this further on the separation so we will continue going along this way so that we
can have neat components one next to another.
Each one is in charge of doing of performing its own set of functionalities with its own logic.
So bid you farewell.